reflection.md, before:

Reflection
- The making of this project was absolutely long and tedious, as I am sure many of my classmates would say, but truly one of the most rewarding experiences in the vast realm all school projects. Personally, there are 3 reasons why this project takes on a truly special position in my heart. 
    1. This was a coding breakthrough for me - Throughout the two months or so that we have worked on this, despite the fact that I mostly used previous knowledge to construct this project, I now have grasped a deep and powerful understanding of everything implemented in this game I have created. It has touched nearly all elements in the CS30 curriculum. Previously, I had the knowledge of coding theory but little chance to experience the concepts. Currently, that is no longer an issue and I am confident in my ability to flexibly use the concepts that I have used here with ease in the future. 
    2. It increased my love for computer science - The unfortunate fact is that I do not have a brain wired for the realm of computer science. Quite in fact, I registered for CS20 a week before the beginning of class with the mindset of "filling a spare." All to say, I struggled a lot with that course and this one, but I had also been enamoured with the subject since my entry to it. This was my first huge project, and I do not know why it is what it is, but after this experience, I know for a fact that my liking to computer science is now a passionate love and I hope to be able to code for the rest of my life, even if I do not study it in the future. 
    3. 

Difficulties (and Advice to Future Self)
- 

Problems I could not solve
- 

What I have
- I have completed everything on my "Needs to Have" list and not very much on my "Nice to Have."

Commit message:

transfer of all code, proposal, beta-check review and more

reflection.md, after:

Reflection
- The making of this project was absolutely long and tedious, as I am sure many of my classmates would say, but truly one of the most rewarding experiences in the vast realm all school projects. Personally, there are 2 reasons why this project takes on a truly special position in my heart. 
    1. This was a coding breakthrough for me - Throughout the two months or so that we have worked on this, despite the fact that I mostly used previous knowledge to construct this project, I now have grasped a deep and powerful understanding of everything implemented in this game I have created. It has touched nearly all elements in the CS30 curriculum. Previously, I had the knowledge of coding theory but little chance to experience the concepts. Currently, that is no longer an issue and I am confident in my ability to flexibly use the concepts that I have used here with ease in the future. 
    2. It increased my love for computer science - The unfortunate fact is that I do not have a brain wired for the realm of computer science. Quite in fact, I registered for CS20 a week before the beginning of class with the mindset of "filling a spare." All to say, I struggled a lot with that course and this one, but I had also been enamoured with the subject since my entry to it. This was my first huge project, and I do not know why it is what it is, but after this experience, I know for a fact that my liking to computer science is now a passionate love and I hope to be able to code for the rest of my life, even if I do not study it in the future. 

Difficulties (and Advice to Future Self)
- I think I overestimated my ability to create a project as big as this and probably should have tackled something smaller (like a chess game alone because that took me such a huge amount of time). It's better to underestimate myself rather than overestimate myself when it comes to a project as flexible as this one.
- GitHub, VSCode and their incompatibility to my iMac at home. Work more at school, less at home. This also messed with my commits, so they are not up to date or accurate. Essentially, since the beginning of Christmas break, nothing on GitHub is an accurate representation of what I did each day.  
- Procrastination when I meet a problem. Instead of stalling, next time something similar happens I will 
- Various bugs and issues I was unable to solve

Problems I could not solve
- HTML, CSS and sound was not inputted into this game. My start screen does not work (so you have to go to each page separately to access the games) and for some reason I couldn't transfer photos for the chess game onto this page? (#IHateTechnicalDifficulties)

What I have
- I have the most major parts of my needs to have list and only half of one on my nice to have list.
